# DSF Board monthly meeting, April 10, 2025

The meeting was led by Thibaud Colas.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Sarah Abderemane
- Jeff Triplett
- Tom Carrick
- Paolo Melchiorre
- Abigail Afi Gbadago

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $274,676.00

## Individual members approved

- Bas van Oostveen
- Florian Demmer
- Rahmat Akintola

## Ongoing business

### Confirmation for community Booth at PyCon US 2025

- We're good to go. Jacob has some TODOs around paperwork and scheduling, but it's all well in hand
- Still have two tickets to give away - if we don't find a member who wants them, open up to general public (lightweight application?) or donate back to PSF travel grant fund?
- Jacob and Catherine to print a banner and some stickers

### Contributor License Agreement

No progress.

### Form for Djangonaut Space session at PyCon Italia

Form was created.

### Future potential bylaws changes

- Annual members meetings - required by Kansas state law
- Re-defining quorum for member voting
  - Unclear if this applies, bylaws are unclear. We need to at least clarify, and possibly amend with some sort of "active member" definition for voting to avoid quorum issues
  - Jacob and Tom are interested in working on this, not particularly soon though

### Proposed bylaws changes

- Two proposed changes from Jeff, drafted but not yet ready for a vote
- One more proposed change coming up from Jacob

## New business

### Django Developers Survey

- Tom and Thibaud to analyse 2024 edition and prepare for 2025
- Sarah and Jeff also available to help for 2025

### Executive Director update

- Some of the board members (ad hoc "ED committee") met to discuss options
- Getting a strawman quote on a part-time ED role so we have something concrete to discuss, ED Committee will meet about that
- Looking to hire a person with non-profit, open source, leadership experience (Django: bonus)
- Concerns about which countries we may be able to consider for applications
- Whatever decisions we make it'd be a good idea to write them down in case things change in a few years or if we want to pursue a different strategy later

### Pull request: Charter template for new teams

[Pull request](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/36)

To review, referring to bylaws

### Pull request: Django accessibility team to working group structure

[Pull request](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/34)

Concerns about the team potentially diverging from other teams

Send this back to the accessibility team and the board does not need to vote after

## Action items

- Paolo Melchiorre: Figure out logistics of shipping Django banners to different events
- Catherine Holmes: Create monthly charts for finances to date & share PyCharm campaign data
- Jeff Triplett: Create a draft forum post about bylaws changes we were discussing
- Jeff Triplett: Share some questions about other bylaw changes
- Thibaud Colas: Prepare agenda item or async update on DjangoCon naming restrictions
- Jeff Triplett and Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Write forum posts for bylaws changes - separate posts (2 for Jeff, 1 for Jacob)
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Research into elections and quorum requirements for membership
- Thibaud Colas: Start a forum thread about CLA
- Thibaud Colas: Set up stop-gap CLA email auto-response
