# DSF Board monthly meeting, January 9, 2025

The meeting was led by Thibaud Colas.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Sarah Abderemane
- Jeff Triplett
- Tom Carrick
- Paolo Melchiorre
- Abigail Afi Gbadago

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $274,498.00

### Treasurer's report

+$19k on the year

## Grants approved

- Python Weekend Abuja: USD $500.00

## Individual members approved

- Salvo Polizzi
- Jordan Bae
- Anthony I. Joseph
- Miguel Johnson
- Ezra Yendau
- Dan BraghiÈ™
- Tim Kamanin
- Chris Achinga
- Mohamed Ali
- Theresa Seyram Agbenyegah

## Corporate members approved

- PCPartPicker
- Galeax
- BlockBee (renamed from CryptAPI)

## Ongoing business

### 6.x Steering Council elections

- [6.x Steering Council elections planning](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-bnmPbfdH18YO47Mo9KNgl04yc-VMaeQVeStVQN2mZM/edit)
- Thibaud has some wrap-up (statistics, retrospective, documentation for future elections) to do
- New Steering Council is getting up and running and will report on their work publicly soon
- Navigating the DEP 10 process and adapting based on the new members' outlook
- Jacob is acting as Steering Council board liaison

## New business

### 2024 annual report

- Work of the fundraising working group
- Will help with statistics requested by sponsors

### Board workshop at DjangoCon Europe

- In past years we've had a [Django governance session](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KjzwXvWja4_v1TYD7wUYmSV_i_xPyp6AW2RI8LXWEYM/edit#slide=id.p)
- Idea: "AMA" with board members and fellows (and steering council members?)
- Tom will make a proposal, with Thibaud, Sarah, and Paolo as as co-speakers ðŸŽ‰

### Contributor License Agreement or alternative

- Need to figure out a plan as this is an ongoing problem for current Fellows
- Consider reaching out to past Fellows
- Thibaud to take point on coming up with a plan

### Executive director planning

Will schedule discussions outside of board meetings

### Online Community Working Group proposal

[PR](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/23)

- Same as Website WG: need input from board, review ahead of next month

### Proposed bylaws changes

Current bylaws are lacking.

To consider:

- Asynchronous voting
- Defining quorum
- Defining what needs votes and what doesn't
- Defining officer roles more clearly, who can do what
- Conflict of interest policy (limit on number from the same org)
- Attendance policy
- Convert to a Markdown or HTML document and make sure this is clear on the website
- Will implement all of those changes in one go, inspired by the bylaws of the PSF, DEFNA, and others, taking requirements of the state of Kansas into account.
- Consider where and when to procure legal advice (501(c)(3) requirements in Kansas specifically)

### PyCon US 2025 proposals

- [Community Booth proposal](https://us.pycon.org/2025/attend/community-booths/) (fill form no later than 2025-02-05)
- Web Summit (like [PyCon US Language Summit](https://us.pycon.org/2024/events/language-summit/) - they plan to open up Hatchery applications in January)
- Paolo will be able to coordinate in person at PyCon US. Paolo starting the booth proposal with support from Jacob
- Jacob and Paolo will work on the Web Summit proposal, and consider people outside of the DSF to reach out to (e.g. Flask, FastAPI, ...)

### Website Working Group proposal

[PR](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/10)

- Needs some input from the board on open questions
- Would like to have these resolved so that we can vote by next time

## Action items

- Catherine Holmes: Create monthly charts for finances to date & share PyCharm campaign data
- Thibaud Colas: Report two user accounts to Instagram for trademark infringement
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Respond to Apache Airflow partnership request
- Jeff Triplett: Schedule meeting to discuss ED role with any interested board members
- Tom Carrick: Make DjangoCon Europe workshop proposal
- Thibaud Colas & Jeff Triplett: Start a draft of new bylaws with proposed changes
- Thibaud Colas: Take point on figuring out a plan for Contributor License Agreements
- Jeff Triplett: Let the Fellows know that we don't know what to do with the CLA but we are going to work on it
- All board members: Look at the Website Working Group and Online Community Working Group PRs, answer questions
- Paolo Melchiorre: Fill out PyCon US 2025 community booth proposal
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss & Paolo Melchiorre: Take point on a web summit once the proposal comes out
