# DSF Board monthly meeting, December 14, 2023

The meeting was led by Chaim Kirby.

Board members in attendance were:

- Peter Baumgartner
- Chaim Kirby
- Katie McLaughlin
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Kátia Nakamura
- Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez
- Thibaud Colas
- Sarah Abderemane

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $238,913.00

## Individual members approved

- Christoph Bülter
- Julius Nana Acheampong Boakye
- Ariane Djeupang
- Hope Adoli
- Jacqueline Mushi
- Lidya K Tilahun
- Massoud Hamad
- Mathilda G. Grisenti
- Sheena O'Connell
- Julius Moshiro
- Noah Maina

## Corporate members approved

- Inetko

## Ongoing business

### Board Liaison for the Fellowship Working Group

Raised on Slack – Jacob wants to start a conversation including the fellows

### Django Girls grant applications

Çağıl and Anna speaking, Django Girls wants a separate form/process for grants (they want different information, would need access to approve only DG events, not all grant requests). Çağıl to follow up in email thread.

### dsf-members on the Django Forum

This would be a private channel on the forum. The mailing list would remain for announcements ("Hey it's time to vote"). We will need to ensure that new member onboarding also get added to new forum. Çağıl to talk to Andrew Godwin (main forum admin).

### European Organizers Support Working Group

Next step: post CfP for DjangoCon Europe 2025

### Membership blog post & FAQ

Jacob is currently working on a draft, planning on posting this soon (subject to review)

Update 2023-12-20: now live at DSF Individual Membership FAQ.

### Update Membership Form

Form: DSF Membership Nomination

- Suggestion to more directly referencing the mission of the DSF – "Please share in detail the ways this person has contributed to the DSF mission of developing or promoting Django, protecting the framework's long-term viability, and/or advancing the state of the art in web development"
- Link to FAQ page about membership
- Remove "Please share any other information you would like to include to support your nomination of this person" field from form.
- Potentially add a field for GitHub username to simplify reviewing contributions

## New business

### Install New Board Members

See 2024 DSF Board Election Results. The following candidates have been elected:

- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Sarah Abderemane
- Thibaud Colas

### Officer elections

- Treasurer: Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Secretary: Thibaud Colas
- Vice President: Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez
- President: Chaim Kirby

## Action items

- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Start a conversation with fellows about reforming fellowship group
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Post membership form updates
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Reach out to Andrew G about setting up a private DSF Members forum
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez & Chaim Kirby: Figure out DjangoCon Europe Working Group role and responsibilities, update working group definition in GitHub based on that discussion
- Chaim Kirby: Setting up Thibaud and Sarah with @djangoproject.com accounts, Trello
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Update WG charter for European Organiser Support
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez & Chaim Kirby: Post CfP for DjangoCon Europe 2025
