# DSF Board monthly meeting, October 12, 2023

The meeting was led by Chaim Kirby.

Board members in attendance were:

- Peter Baumgartner
- Katie McLaughlin
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Kátia Nakamura

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $228,218.00

## Grants approved

- DjangoCon Europe 2024: USD $6,000.00

## Ongoing business

### Jetbrains Survey

- Responses reached 3,000
- Will close AoE 20 Oct 2023 (after DjangoCon US)

### Pycharm Campaign

Pending finalization, contracts

### Working groups

Approved creation of:

- DjangoCon Europe Support
- Fundraising Committee

[Announcement post](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2023/oct/13/announcing-dsf-working-groups/)

## New business

### 2024 DSF Board Election

Established election timeline, prepare for the process.

### Membership bylaws update

#### Current Language

> (In section 1.1) The Foundation's purposes shall include, but not be limited to, developing and promoting the DJANGO framework for free and open public use among the worldwide web development community, protecting the framework's long-term viability, and advancing the state of the art in web development.
>
> 3.2. Member Classes. Additional Members of the Foundation shall be elected by the Board as either Development Members or as Sponsor Members.
>
> > 3.2.1. Development Members. Development Members are those who make a contribution of intellectual property to the Foundation which the Foundation accepts and deems to be sufficiently material to merit election. Development Members remain active and continuing Members of the Foundation unless they resign or their membership is otherwise terminated.
> >
> > 3.2.2 Sponsor Members. Sponsor Members are those who are (a) invited by the Foundation to become a Sponsor Member and (b) agree to make an annual financial contribution in such amount as may be determined by the Board from time to time. Sponsor Members remain members of the Foundation for a period of one year, and may renew and retain their membership upon approval of the Board and upon making the financial contribution in such amount as the Board determines at the time of renewal. This annual financial contribution is due upon the beginning of each fiscal year. From the due date, until the fee is paid, all membership rights of the Sponsor Member, including the right to vote and be counted for purposes of quorum, are suspended and terminated until the Sponsor Member's yearly fee has been paid in full.
>
> 3.3. Admission of Members. Additional Members of the Foundation (whether as Development or Sponsor) shall be admitted as Members of the Foundation only by invitation approved by a majority vote of the existing Board of the Foundation.

#### Proposed Language

> (In section 1.1) The Foundation's purposes shall include, but not be limited to, developing and promoting the DJANGO framework for free and open public use among the worldwide web development community, protecting the framework's long-term viability, and advancing the state of the art in web development ("PURPOSE")
>
> 3.2. Member Classes. Additional Members of the Foundation shall be elected by the Board as either Individual Members or as Corporate Members.
>
> > 3.2.1. Individual Members. Individual Members are those who further the PURPOSE of the Foundation at a degree the Foundation accepts and deems to be sufficiently material to merit election. Individual Members remain active and continuing Members of the Foundation unless they resign or their membership is otherwise terminated.
> >
> > 3.2.2 Corporate Members. Corporate Members are those who are (a) invited by the Foundation to become a Corporate Member and (b) agree to make an annual financial contribution in such amount as may be determined by the Board from time to time. Corporate Members remain members of the Foundation for a period of one year, and may renew and retain their membership upon approval of the Board and upon making the financial contribution in such amount as the Board determines at the time of renewal. This annual financial contribution is due upon the beginning of each fiscal year. From the due date, until the fee is paid, all membership rights of the Corporate Member, including the right to vote and be counted for purposes of quorum, are suspended and terminated until the Corporate Member's yearly fee has been paid in full.
>
> 3.3. Admission of Members. Additional Members of the Foundation (whether as Individual or Corporate) shall be admitted as Members of the Foundation only by invitation approved by a majority vote of the existing Board of the Foundation or delegated Working Group.

## Action items

- Chaim Kirby: Announce nominations open for Malcolm award
- Katie McLaughlin: Announce nominations open for 2024 DSF Board (3 open positions, staggered two year term)
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Add newly approved Working Groups to repository. Reach out to existing committees to fill out their charters.
