# DSF Board monthly meeting, January 11, 2024

The meeting was led by Chaim Kirby.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Chaim Kirby
- Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez
- Kátia Nakamura
- Katie McLaughlin
- Sarah Abderemane

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $256,869.00

## Grants approved

- PyConDE & PyData Berlin: EUR €500.00
- PyCon PH: USD $500.00

## Individual members approved

- Kafui Alordo
- Velda Kiara
- Lisa Quatmann
- Katherine Amao
- Wilhelm Klopp
- Vinit Kumar
- Andrew Aikman
- Leona So
- Joseph Zammit

## Corporate members approved

- Inetko
- Taplist.io

## Ongoing business

### Board Liaison required for the Fellowship Working Group

- JKM has started a conversation including the fellows.
- Jacob intends to be the liaison in the short term.
- For Fellowship WG: currently all members are past board members.
- Current group's focus: hiring fellows when needed.
- Reflecting more generally on the effectiveness of the working group process as-is in freeing the board to be more strategic.

### dsf-members on the Django Forum

More work to be done with forum admins – see [last meeting's notes](../2023/2023-12-14.md).

### European Organizers Support Working Group

- Post CfP for DjangoCon Europe 2025 with link to contract
- DjangoCon Europe interval for next year due to other constraints: Jan 1st, mid April (!)
- Considering different processes in the future – rolling proposals, expressions of interest, documented open period before switching to rolling proposals

### Membership blog post & FAQ

Now all published. See [DSF membership now recognizes a much broader range of contributions to Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2024/jan/10/dsf-membership/) and [DSF Individual Membership FAQ](https://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/individual-members/faq/).

### Update Membership Form

Done! 🌈 Updated form: [DSF Membership Nomination](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5lbWxAO-sylEEjHVKBNIpmHlhdJRf0_LCo8glnLUWd-Q2Sw/viewform)

## New business

### Bank of America: upgrade to "B 360"

Looking to upgrade for improved security options. Cost of $30/month.

- Longer term, also looking into other banking options – higher return and lower international transfer fees
- This is a Treasurer decision, thank you Jacob for bringing this up :)

### Dates for DjangoCon US 2024 for approval

The board is happy with proposed dates and Chaim will follow up.

### Django trademark question for screencasts site

Adam Hill contacted by email about alldjango.com and Django trademark. The board approves the proposed use. Catherine will follow up.

### Historical board members per year

New report, question on where to publish it, most likely on [About the Django Software Foundation](https://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/).

### Social media working group proposal

The social media working group proposal was ready to review and vote on. It has been approved unanimously 🎉.

Proposal summarized: group takes over social media profiles, largely without board review, with exceptions (corporate sponsor campaigns, profiles to add or retire, see charter)

## Action items

- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Further discussion with Andrew G about setting up a private DSF Members forum
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez & Chaim Kirby: Figure out DjangoCon Europe Working Group role and responsibilities, update working group definition in GitHub based on that discussion
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Update WG charter for European Organiser Support
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez & Chaim Kirby: Post CfP for DjangoCon Europe 2025
- Thibaud Colas: Update the Fundraising website page to have wording about what the goal and running total represent, and which donations are visible there
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Review proposed fundraising wording update from Thibaud
- Thibaud Colas: Reply to Anna M. about bulk nomination over dsf-board email
- Chaim Kirby: Set up social media working group in google admin
- Thibaud Colas: Coordinate social media working group account access
- Chaim Kirby: Reply with approval on DjangoCon US dates
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Proceed with bank account upgrade
- Catherine Holmes: Reply to Adam Hill about trademark question
- Katie McLaughlin: Update Foundation page with historical board membership
