# DSF Board monthly meeting, June 13, 2024

The meeting was led by Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss
- Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez
- Kátia Nakamura
- Katie McLaughlin
- Sarah Abderemane

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $224,276.00

## Grants approved

- DjangoCon US: USD $6,000.00
- Django Girls Foundation: USD $10,000.00

## Individual members approved

- Omar Abou Mrad
- Ryan Hiebert
- Jon Gould
- Raffaella Suardini

## Ongoing business

### dsf-members on the Django Forum

Every existing member has been invited. Half have accepted the invitation so far. Concerns about people's details being out of date.

## New business

### DjangoCon Europe 2026 organizers call for proposal

Update on the proposed CfP timeline. Decision on exact dates TBC based on feedback from existing groups.

### DjangoCon Europe Support WG description of responsibilities

[DjangoCon Europe Support: Provide description of responsibilities #21](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/21). Needs further review and vote outside the meeting.

### DSF booth/community table at EuroPython

We had a DSF booth in 2023. Kátia, Sarah, Çağıl organizing a DSF booth in 2024. Approved €500 budget to purchase Django pins to distribute at the conference to donors.

### New working group: Fundraising

Proposal from Sarah: [Review the current proposal of fundraising WG #14](https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/14), ready for review and vote. Jacob is doing this work currently, will debrief to the group, talk about how Treasurer & Assistant to Treasurer can help. Unanimously approved 🎉

### PyCharm funding campaign

This is a big part (quarter) of the DSF's budget. It needs coordination on social media to share it more widely. For more details, see [PyCharm & Django Campaign 2024](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2024/jun/06/pycharm-django-campaign-2024/).

## Action items

- Thibaud Colas: Update the Fundraising website page to have wording about what the goal and running total represent, and which donations are visible there
- Thibaud Colas: Update DEP-007 for freshness, listing package catalog, group name changes.
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Update sponsorship prospective with new points above (not django-news yet, the rest)
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Get back to <sponsor prospect>
- Catherine Holmes: Create monthly charts for finances to date & share PyCharm campaign data
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Send one last email to complete DSF membership move to forum
