# DSF Board monthly meeting, October 10, 2024

The meeting was led by Chaim Kirby.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Chaim Kirby
- Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez
- Kátia Nakamura
- Katie McLaughlin
- Sarah Abderemane

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $253,813.00

## Grants approved

- PyCon France: USD $500.00

## Individual members approved

- John Beimler
- Jack Linke
- Nathan Zeiger
- Clifford Gama
- Jon Janzen
- Alex Gómez

## Ongoing business

### 2025 board elections

- Discussion as to how we engage with nominations where the personal statement doesn't meet the definition.
- Opportunity to reach out to specific communities to encourage candidacies.

### DjangoCon Europe 2026 organizers call for proposal

Board to review over the next week.

## New business

### Malcolm Tredinnick Memorial Prize nominations review

Board members have reviewed and picked a first choice.

### Remove the "Fellows don't do features" rule

- History: DSF was provided with this as a legal recommendation. PSF was provided alternate advice.
- This likely isn't formally written in any contractual document. Chaim To verify

## Action items

- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Send one last email to complete DSF membership move to forum
- Catherine Holmes: Create monthly charts for finances to date & share PyCharm campaign data
- Chaim Kirby: Think through bylaw modifications regarding regional representation
- Thibaud Colas: Reach out to people who submitted DSF Board nominations that need work
- Thibaud Colas: Reach out to Malcolm Prize nominee w/ Catherine in copy
- Sarah Abderemane: Reach out to David to see how they are with Miguel
