# DSF Board monthly meeting, July 18, 2024

The meeting was led by Chaim Kirby.

Board members in attendance were:

- Thibaud Colas
- Chaim Kirby
- Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez
- Kátia Nakamura
- Sarah Abderemane

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $224,767.33

## Individual members approved

- Hana Burtin
- Hisham Mahmood

## Ongoing business

### dsf-members on the Django Forum

Adding people in batches, not all members are on the forum (400 Individual Members, 200 currently on the forum).

## New business

### DjangoCon Europe 2026 organizers call for proposal

2026 licensing agreement is drafted. Interested parties have agreed to a timeline for the call for proposal, CfP opening due July, ending October.

### Moving membership process to include the forum

Question as to whether this can/should be delegated to forum admins. Or invite people to the forum with the email they submit. Decision to add a "forum username" field to the nomination form to speed up the process.

## Action items

- Thibaud Colas: Update the Fundraising website page to have wording about what the goal and running total represent, and which donations are visible there
- Thibaud Colas: Update DEP-007 for freshness, listing package catalog, group name changes.
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Update sponsorship prospective with new points above (not django-news yet, the rest)
- Jacob Kaplan-Moss: Get back to &lt;sponsor prospect&gt;
- Catherine Holmes: Create monthly charts for finances to date & share PyCharm campaign data
- Çağıl Uluşahin Sonmez: Send one last email to complete DSF membership move to forum
- Thibaud Colas: Publish the 2026 DjangoCon Europe CfP
