# DSF Board monthly meeting, October 10, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett
- Catherine Holmes

## Finances

### Balance

USD $152,086.06

## Grants approved

- DjangoGirls Roma: USD $300.00
- Witty: USD $300.00

## Individual members approved

- Dawn Wages
- William Vincent
- Jeremy Low

## Ongoing business

### Code of Conduct

Do we want to make any changes to ours based on the PSF's recent announcements?

Not at this time --- conduct group needs to be consulted, and we have a more complex system than the PSF's.

### Dissolving core

James met with Andrew and other committers at DjangoCon and there's a new draft of the proposal getting initial feedback/editing right now. Will go to larger group for feedback next week.

### DjangoCon Africa

Anna will write up a blog post to appear on djangoproject.com, and email the DSF membership.

### DjangoCon Europe

David Voz attended DCUS, advertising DCEU with business cards, no information yet on CFP date.

### Election

Frank to draft announcement targeting publication on October 16, candidate nominations likely close mid-November, then voting ending final week of November.

### Malcolm Tredinnick Award

Frank will get a nomination form up next week.

### Membership system RFP

Jacob is reviewing applications.

### Merchandise

Interest expressed, following up.

### Tidelift partnership

James to follow up with the Fellows on this.

### Treasurer role

It's close enough to the end of the year that the 2020 DSF Board will have to make a decision on this.
