# DSF Board monthly meeting, July 11, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Jessica Deaton
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett
- Catherine Holmes

## Finances

### Balance

USD $183,795.98

## Grants approved

- Django Students KWASU: USD $300.00
- PyCon Nigeria: NGN NGN300,000.00
- PyCon Pakistan: USD $1,000.00
- Python Week of Code: USD $630.00

## Individual members approved

- Alison Mukoma

## Ongoing business

### Dissolving core

No updates.

### DjangoCon AU

Coming up in three weeks; content and registration numbers for the Django track are looking good.

### DjangoCon Europe

Received update from organizing team. Feedback from proposing teams suggests, and the Board agrees, that we've been too slow in making a decision regarding DjangoCon Europe bids this year. Katie proposes we set an earlier action item for the 2020 Board to ensure DjangoCon Europe 2021 decision happens in a more timely fashion. Our hope is to have 2021 decision made before 2020 event runs, and continue this overlapping trend in future years to help ensure a contiguous European event, even with disparate organisers.

### Expanding the DSF Board

The Board would like to do this, but we'll consult with the membership prior to approving it.

### Membership system RFP

No updates.

### Treasurer role

The Board will pay an attorney to draft the updated Bylaws language. We hope once that's done to be able to properly appoint Catherine Treasurer, but James will send a summary of the situation to dsf-members for discussion and feedback.

## New business

### Tidelift

The Board is interested; Frank will provide details to James, who will discuss it with the releasers.
