# DSF Board monthly meeting, January 10, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Jessica Deaton
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett

## Finances

### Balance

USD $128,997.27

### Treasurer's report

- 1099 for Tim has been completed, waiting on Rebecca to approve.
- Waiting for credentials.

### Grants approved

- PyCon Namibia: USD $2,000.00

## Ongoing business

### Dissolving core

James says work on this died down end-of-year due to holidays and other responsibilities, plans to pick up this month, revise draft again and do a final call for feedback.

### DjangoCons

DjangoCon Europe CFP is closing soon.

### Django Fellows

The Fellowship Committee has received applications, and feels happy about that. They will forward a recommendation to the Board soon for approval.

### Domains

No change. Daniele will speak to someone about it at DjangoCon Europe.

### Malcolm Tredinnick Award

Nomination form responses are in; time to vote.

Because it is the 2018 award, the 2018 Board will vote to determine the winner.

### Membership system RFP

Frank will check status with Daniele. Holding for now because another entity has stated they may submit a proposal.

### Trademark issue

Frank sent an update to the Board via email; the issue is being resolved by a rename, and measures put in place to prevent re-occurrence. We will be invoiced for legal fees.

### Type hinting/Jetbrains

The Board has read the last django-developers thread on the topic, and will look into what's needed to move it forward.

## New business

### Donation form bug

Reported to Django security team, who concluded it's not a security issue. It is a usability issue because the error message isn't great, but is also only triggered by someone actively trying to trigger it. Probably not worth the effort to fix, but might ping website ops team to confirm.

### Website updates

The following need to be corrected:

- List of DSF officers is out of date now that the 2019 Board is seated
- Missing minutes
- Should we build an application for minutes? Yes.
