# DSF Board monthly meeting, March 14, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Ola Tarkowska
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett

## Finances

### Balance

USD $180,551.44

## Grants approved

- AfroDjango: USD $1,000.00
- DjangoGirls Copenhagen: EUR €500.00
- DjangoGirls Florence: USD $500.00
- DjangoGirls Kanifing: USD $500.00
- DjangoGirls Toronto: USD $300.00
- LetsPy India: USD $300.00

## Corporate members approved

- Kolonial.no

## Ongoing business

### Dissolving core

New draft is published, no new comments so far other than people pointing out typos. Will probably look for wider reach on mailing lists. James also submitted a lightning talk on it to the PyCon US "maintainers" hatchery track.

### Django Fellows

On-boarding complete, handoff seems to be going well.

### Malcolm Tredinnick Award

Has the announcement post happened yet? Frank will do it within the next couple of days.

### Meeting minutes

James got sidelined slightly by injury, hoping to finish this up in the next couple weeks.

### Membership system RFP

Still no other proposals received; accepting only submitted proposal (Jacob Kaplan-Moss), and will move forward on that.

### Type hinting/JetBrains

Frank has exchanged emails, will follow up.

## New business

### Treasurer

Jessica would like to step down due to too many other responsibilities. Frank proposes we pay someone to act as Treasurer, a proposal that has been made before to reduce the burden of the position. Frank proposes Catherine Holmes, who currently works for RevSys.

The Board discussed the following points:

- The DSF Bylaws say the Treasurer does not have to be a Board member.
- Catherine already handles business for DSF Board under supervision of DSF Treasurer.
- Frank wants to avoid impression that he controls the money.
- Is there a continuity issue? What if Frank no longer wants to serve on the Board, and decides to revoke Catherine’s services to give more time to RevSys? Frank says he would work out a transition plan if this ever became necessary.
- We would continue to use outside accountant for annual audit.

Motion: the Board moves, unanimously, to appoint Catherine temporarily to act as Treasurer. We will expect a plan for RevSys to invoice the DSF for her time, and will verify with an outside source that the proposed rate is reasonable prior to a future vote to determine whether to make this arrangement permanent.
