# DSF Board monthly meeting, June 13, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Jessica Deaton
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett

Also in attendance were:

- Catherine Holmes (Assistant to Treasurer)

## Finances

### Balance

USD $195,201.01

## Grants approved

- DjangoCon Europe: USD $3,500.00
- DjangoGirls Allahabad: USD $350.00
- DjangoGirls at PyCon Africa: USD $500.00
- DjangoGirls Bhavnagar: USD $430.00
- DjangoGirls Dakar: USD $500.00
- DjangoGirls Sevilla: USD $300.00
- PyCon Africa: USD $2,000.00

## Individual members approved

- Adam Johnson
- Narcisse Mbunzama
- Karl Sayle
- Catherine Holmes

## Corporate members approved

- 23andMe
- Jonas und der Wolf

## Ongoing business

### Dissolving core

DEP is merged as draft, discussion happening in django-core.

### DjangoCon Europe

Decision made for location, James will write something to send to the organizing teams regarding the decision.

### Meeting minutes

Pull request merged and deployed, minutes for 2019 are caught up on the site.

### Membership system RFP

Jacob received a large number of applications and is building a group to review them.

## New business

### Board membership

Ola would like to resign, citing personal reasons. The Board can nominate a replacement. Catherine is nominated, since she is already acting as Treasurer. Frank abstained from this decision and left the meeting temporarily as it was being discussed, due to being Catherine's employer. Catherine said she's willing to serve as Board member and Treasurer. The remaining members present voted unanimously to appoint Catherine to serve out Ola's term, with an action item to develop a succession plan which allows the Treasurer position to be sustainable in the long term. The Board will also have to look into the situation with respect to compensation of officers in the Bylaws in order to work out a plan which allows Catherine to be appointed Treasurer.

### DjangoCon AU

Katie informs us tickets are on sale and seem to be doing well.

### DjangoCon US

Should we have an in-person meeting there? Possibly meet with DEFNA? It seems unlikely that all the DSF Board members will be present at DjangoCon US, but we will explore the possibility of some kind of meet-up.
