# DSF Board monthly meeting, September 26, 2019

The meeting was led by Frank Wiles.

Board members in attendance were:

- Frank Wiles
- Anna Makarudze
- Jessica Deaton
- Katie McLaughlin
- James Bennett
- Catherine Holmes

## Finances

### Balance

USD $163,214.00

### Treasurer's report

We had some suspected fraud/scam events; Catherine has talked to Stripe about this. James may also follow up on it.

## Grants approved

- DjangoGirls Bakau: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls Gandhinagar: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls Kansas City: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls Nbari: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls Palermo: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls Palitana: USD $300.00
- DjangoGirls São Paulo: USD $300.00
- Django Web Summit at PyCon Nigeria: USD $300.00
- GirlScript Mumbai: USD $300.00
- PyCode Gdańsk: USD $300.00

## Individual members approved

- Louise Grandjonc

## Corporate members approved

- Blackfire

## Ongoing business

### Dissolving core

James will be working on this during DjangoCon sprints.

### DjangoCon Europe

Met with organizer at DjangoCon US, good things are happening. Some promotional materials being handed out here at DjangoCon US.

### DjangoCons

Should we switch all of them over to the rolling contract (1yr EU, 2yr AU, 3yr DEFNA (as per previous contract)? Yes. Frank to take point on figuring that out.

### Expanding the DSF Board

The Board has moved unanimously to add one more at-large Director seat for the 2020 term, in order to have an odd number of voting Directors and reduce the risk of deadlock. The 2020 Board election will thus elect 7 Directors.

### Membership system RFP

Still working on this; Frank to follow up with Jacob while at DjangoCon.

### Tidelift

Board feels it's worth exploring; will follow up with the Fellows to ensure they're OK with the added work.

### Treasurer role

We have some new information from asking around other foundations to find out how they handle this; unfortunately, there may not be time to get it all in place before the election of the 2020 Board. Continuing in current limbo for now.

## New business

### Code of Conduct

In light of the new Python CoC, we'd like to take another look at the Django CoC and see what useful changes (if any) we could make to it. Katie volunteers to take point on this, but may need US-based persons (Katie will advise if so).

### Merchandise

Jessica has been talking to someone about this. Are we OK with a third party running the logistics of merch for us? We want to make sure it's done well, and that DSF Treasurer has admin/oversight. Willing to try it, and see if it succeeds.

### Potential DjangoCon Africa 2020

There are plans for a DjangoCon Africa for next year. Noah Alorwu and Anna Makarudze will be sending in an official proposal soon.
